For general recommendations on how to update your KC3改, please read the article: [[Updating]].

## Content
* **New Region Cookie implementation**
  * By default off, you can enable it on settings.
  * This is only for those who want to browse DMM. If you're just playing kancolle, no need to turn it on.
  * It is recommended to clear your cookies first
  * Requires wide testing so please participate and navigate DMM
  * [Report to us](http://kancolle.wikia.com/wiki/User_blog:Dragonjet/KC3%E6%94%B9) of any findings and triggers of Error Areas

* **Fixes**
  * Battle prediction update for night battles
  * Ability to toggle equipment icon color
  * Fix for PvP opponent ship list
  * Fix for Sortie History: missing ships and nodes
  * Devtools tab name is gibberish

## FAQ

#### New cookie implementation does not work
* Question 1, do you need to enable it? "Refreshing API Link" and "Play via DMM" do not need "Force cookies" (*as explain on next FAQ item*). You'll only need it if you will navigate DMM. If you really want it enabled, read on.
* Have you enabled it? Go to settings, find section *DMM Gameplay*, check the "Force Cookie". Only do this if you're aware of the risk and want to navigate DMM (*what risk? there's another FAQ item below*).
* Error Area? Try to go back, Click your browser "back" button, or on your keyboard press [Backspace]. Then re-try to click what you wanted. See if Still Error Area, if yes, proceed to next item on this checklist.
* Please try to clear your cookies, revisit DMM, and choose **Japanese** as language. Browse DMM again. If the you really get error areas, report to us, what is the trigger (what you clicked), and the steps you've done.
* Are you clicking a game from the Game Listing, where it sometimes asks you about age, where you can proceed or not? That is unsupported and will actually lead you to the Japanese site, `dmm.co.jp`.


#### So if I don't turn on "Force Cookie" setting, I cannot play via DMM or Refresh API link?
No, you can still use the menu's "Refresh API link" and "Play KanColle via DMM" without turning it on. We have made special exceptions for these two menu entries that writes safe cookies. The "force cookie" setting is only applicable for those who want to navigate and browse DMM. So if you play normally, you don't need to turn it on.

#### "Play via DMM" gets Error Area, but Refreshing API Link is fine
On v14, there is a minor thing we forgot, that clicking "Play via DMM" goes through another page, and you'd have to click another button ("*Start the game now*") to actually get directed to DMM. We should've put the cookie writing on that button instead of the one on the menu. So what you have to do is just re-click "Play via DMM" and by then would have written the cookies again.

#### So what's the "risk" you mentioned?
It is actually a war behind the scenes. Previously we just set the cookies once, it will work all the time. Now, DMM is fighting back and reverting those cookies back to their original form. KC3改 fights back and asks the help of Chrome, to tell us, if the cookies changed for DMM, notify the extension. When it does, we rewrite the cookies into the accessible one. This doesn't only happen once, but multiple times per page. Like a tug-of-war.

Now, the about the risk, you might ask, "*is it bannable?*" The answer is no, it is not "kancolle-bannable". However, "dmm-bannable" is a different story. By the way, we have NEVER HEARD of anyone getting banned on DMM. So it's up to you to read on. It comes debatable and philosophical beyond this point. Does DMM really hate us foreigners to even ban us if we try to force ourselves in? I will not discuss it here, please read more resources on kancolle communities about it.

#### Why do you have alot of spelling errors?
ikr. I'm very sleepy now. But either way I am known to be prone to spelling errors, I hate this keyboard.